Added rules for Dissonance Voice Chat (#874)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/SDK.Dissonance.md

> [**Dissonance Voice Chat**](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/slug/70078) is a voice chat asset for Unity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Dissonance Voice Chat**](https://placeholder-software.co.uk/dissonance/) is a voice chat asset for Unity.
```
